PLEASE MAKE SURE YOU 100% FIX…  The current location does not seem to be working/retreived or something about it is not working as it wont display... also the enable location button should be redesigned to match the sites modern UI and theme and should be displayed over top of the location when it wont load/needs to be enabled as a blurred/glass background for the button covering the entire location field/section and with rounded corners as a rectangle and the borders still arent showing for the subscription packages... as well as the glass/blur background matching the currently playing album colors like it was before please reference it and what has changed and ensure this is actually fixed and all of these changes are fixed looking at everything and all code and even possible multiple errors causing them also using the avatars when a user is logged in ensure that these are displayed as their profile if they are chosen as theirs and in the profile image both in the profile section page and the top of the screen in the nav bar that they almost jump off the screen where its circular but some elements of the image come out of the circle as you can see and make 5 more similar to these but that are default avatars for non suscription users to select the same size and format and style these are the current avatars... and ensure these 5 are also upload to the firebase storage or saved in a project folder so i can download them if needed. Please ensure these changes are actually made and fixed and verified… you must make sure they are working however possible and that the changes are made to the actual active files that are needed to be made too and not inactive/old files. Also I have updated/changed/removed some of the weather assets/names so please review the changes and assets currently present now and ensure that the code is updated properly to reflect these changes and anything else that needs to be updated due to this. For the avatars these are the current ones I have also uploaded for you to view…
1. Metal Cat Prompt: “Cute cartoon cat with a spiked collar, sunglasses, and a tiny guitar, metal band style”
2. Rock Unicorn Prompt: “Colorful unicorn with a mohawk, leather jacket, and lightning bolt background, rock star style”
3. Guitar Goblin Prompt: “Green goblin with wild hair, holding an electric guitar, wearing band patches”
4. Bass Bat Prompt: “Cartoon bat with a bass guitar, sunglasses, and a metal vest, flying in front of a full moon”
5. Punk Panda Prompt: “Panda with a mohawk, nose ring, and ripped jeans, holding a microphone”
6. Headbanger Hamster Prompt: “Hamster with long hair, headbanging, wearing a band t-shirt and wristbands”
7. Metal Queen Prompt: “Cartoon queen with a crown, leather jacket, and microphone, metal concert background”
8. Mosh Pit Monster Prompt: “Friendly monster with spiked bracelets, jumping in a mosh pit, metal band style”
9. Rebel Raccoon Prompt: “Raccoon with a bandana, electric guitar, and sunglasses, standing on a stage”
10. Drum Dragon Prompt: “Small dragon with drumsticks, bandana, and studded wristbands, drumming on a snare”